From the land of exceptionally sophisticated
nuclear energy systems.
And the world's first deep geological
repository of spent nuclear fuel.
With over 90% annual load factor
in nuclear power plants.
You now find also world's most
modern centre for nuclear safety.
Microscopy - Revealing the mechanisms of
material performance.
Control room - Expertise in human
factors engineering.
Hot Cell - Irradiated materials research
for plant life management.
Hot Cell - Materials performance
testing for safe operation.
Bentonite - Barrier material for
spent-fuel repository.
Bentonite - Early-age and long-term
performance testing.
Bentonite - Groundwater composition research
NDE Testing - Non-destructive testing of
spent nuclear fuel canister components.
Waste Management - Expertise to study
long-term safety of nuclear waste disposal.
With its 200 nuclear safety experts.
VTT is the biggest nuclear R&D and technical
Support organisation in Northern Europe.
And we are ready to cooperate